Well, welcome to this,
the second episode of our program,
Repudiating the Mother Goddess Cult.
We're actually going to take a,
what may seem like a departure at this
moment,
away from just the relentless affirmation
that Yahowah is masculine singular and that
he is not a mother goddess.
By doing something that I think we have
Well, I've done at least once previously.
This will be our second venture into the
activities,
the narrative that describes the events
pursuant to Gan Eden, the Garden of Eden.
And we're going to do so for a
couple of reasons.
The first is that Yahowah used the verbal
root of Chawah.
It happens to be written identically to
the woman who plays the starring role in
the garden, not Yahowah.
for good, but nefariously.
And we're gonna find out why he used
Chawah.
He negated it in the second statement that
he wrote in stone.
It was lo Chawah,
presented there as a verb,
don't make declarations on behalf of,
and then it's followed by a masculine and
then a feminine variations of gods.
And this is precisely what the mother
goddesses have done to turn God into two
rather than one,
and to combine his paternal nature with a
very odd maternal nature,
really in the same vein as the religious
have done for countless centuries through
the millennia, really,
with the Trinity and with
Mother goddesses, the queens of heavens,
the Asherah cult that Yahowah repudiates
throughout time.
There is no maternal mother goddess.
And Yahowah's testimony,
he always presents himself as masculine.
And we're going to see why.
But the difference between this program
and the one that we did yesterday is
that you're going to be, I think, dazzled.
by Yahowah's brilliance as he tells this
story.
It is not only a recounting of the
events that transpired in Eden,
but an explanation of them that is going
to be radically different than anything
that you have thought you knew about the
trees in the garden,
the very nature of the garden itself,
the purpose of the man who was conceived
in the garden,
as well as the purpose of Chawah,
the woman, even the role of Satan.
Every bit of what you're going to hear
is going to break new ground.
It's going to be profoundly different and
different.
absolutely riveting in terms of its
implications for your life, for our lives,
and for the fact that it wasn't just
history,
a history that played out eight years shy
of six thousand years ago.
Virtually every word of what we're going
to consider is prophetic.
And it was written to educate us so
that we would be aware
of what is going to occur in our
time.
So we're going to consider what Yahowah
included in his story.
We'll learn why Chawah,
the actionable basis of the first woman's
name in the garden,
was written as a verb in the midst
of his second admonition on the first of
two tablets not to be religious.
We're then going to proceed as we expose
the portrait that God painted,
one that very few people have considered.
They just think it's a nifty little story
of a naked woman holding up an apple
to the man and tempting him.
But there are no apples in the story.
And it actually wasn't the woman who
tempted the man.
and it wasn't the woman who was
responsible for the fall of man.
So we're gonna examine the picture that
Yahowah painted stroke by stroke,
color by color from the proper vantage
point and derive some profoundly important
insights that have gone unheeded until
this moment when they're finally going to
be heralded for your consideration.
Clearly, Yahowah wants his people to know
what occurred in Gan Eden,
which is the sheltered garden of great
joy,
because it leads men and women back to
the trees of lives through the tree of
knowledge.
Just as our relationship with God
commenced in the garden, once restored,
we're being invited to return to it.
This is why in the second chapter of
Bare’syth of Genesis,
this first book of the Torah,
we find the second iteration of the story
of the greater and lesser luminaries,
this time prophetically painted in the
opening chapter of the Torah.
The story begins in Bar Rashid in the
beginning.
Therefore,
every serious consideration and subsequent
conversation
each thought put forth and musing pondered
of the time before the environment was
cultivated for life should exist and is
present now in the land itself which is
to say that if you look at our
world the way it is now
you will see in it the, well,
the nature of the story.
All of the elements of the story,
when given serious consideration,
can be affirmed in the world around us.
And that's the opening line.
And it says,
then the full array of plants and the
environment suitable for cultivating life,
well, they had not yet begun to grow.
This is because by contrast,
Yahowah had not yet caused rain to fall
upon the ground.
And then man did not exist to work,
to expend energy and to cultivate,
to labor on behalf of the earth,
the soil of the land.
The very ground happens to be the feminine
of Adam.
Bare’syth in the beginning,
Genesis two five.
So Yahowah introduced his narrative of life
in the garden,
following his creation account.
And he did so with Serach,
which is a thoughtful conversation for us
to consider.
This is indeed a brilliant narrative.
He did not speak of mundane bushes or
as other translations infer,
but instead he wants us to enjoy this
narrative.
He's telling us a story whose words he'd
like us to ponder.
And so we shall.
So next we find God today,
cultivating an environment that is ideally
suited for life.
For us to grow and reach our full
potential, this is important.
In fact, you look at this planet,
and I think that's God's inference in the
first statement,
of all of the universe that we have
perceived,
It is the only place that is really
suitable for life.
It was perfectly tuned for life.
You know,
you think now of Elon Musk and his
great hype of we're going to Mars.
We're not going to Mars.
It's a death zone.
Everything on Mars is deadly.
The soil is deadly.
The atmosphere is deadly.
The cosmic rays are deadly.
The temperatures are deadly.
The sandstorms are deadly.
It's nothing but a death trap.
It's not conducive to life.
And in our solar system,
there is no other place, no moon,
no planet that is conducive to life.
And we haven't found amongst the two
trillion galaxies and hundreds of billions
of stars in each of them,
Another solar system where there is a
planet that is conducive to life,
and there's so much that it would have
to offer.
It's not just its size and its star
and its relative location to the star.
It has to have things that, for example,
Mars does not have,
which is a magnetic field,
which
enables us to retain our atmosphere and
prevents the inundation of cosmic rays
that are so deadly to life.
And so it's got to be a rocky
planet with a molten core,
and it has to be the ideal distance
away, not tidally locked.
rotating on its axis the right distance
from a star of suitable nature that is
exceedingly stable.
It's just amazing the amount of things
that are necessary to make life possible.
And what you're gonna find in this story
is that while the garden was suitable for
life and the planet is suitable for life,
God's not about to let his creation, us,
off of this planet to go explore the
universe,
where we're not getting much past the moon
anyway.
That's not very far.
And if we ever send men to Mars,
it will be to die there,
not to live there.
We're just not getting away from this
rock.
And the reason is that God can't trust
us.
There's a lot of stuff going on out
there.
There's nebula and there's black holes and
there's star formation.
And I'm quite convinced there's even other
life forms out there.
God's just not going to allow us to
run amok.
And time ultimately will be a dimension
that we can maneuver in and we need
to know what we should and shouldn't do.
And that means that we need to
to listen to God and act responsibly,
something that did not happen in the
garden and has not happened since.
We also have to show some initiative so
that God knows He can do things with
us that make life interesting and
forevermore, creating and adding value.
And most importantly,
we have to be trustworthy to show that
we're dependable, we're reliable,
We can be trusted.
And none of that existed in the garden,
which is why God ultimately caused the
fall of man and his ouster from the
garden.
And until we as a species act more
responsibly towards God,
and he has a plan in place for
that to occur,
we're not getting off this planet.
He is not going to trust us beyond
where we are.
That is the single most important aspect
of this story.
So yes,
God cultivated an environment that was
ideally suited for life,
the Eretz earth itself.
And Yahowah knew that with proper
husbandry,
it had the potential to produce the result
that he desired.
God knew that he could make something
extraordinary occur
if we would listen to him and work
collaboratively with him,
cultivating life together.
Now,
plant and animal life emerged in the seas,
but it would not grow and thrive on
land prior to rain.
And once the earth was watered,
man could be conceived and the work of
developing a productive and mutually
beneficial relationship could begin.
Now in this regard,
adamah is a loaded term with prophetic
implications,
especially when following abad,
which is work.
It is not only with ha-adamah that this
story commences,
it is with ha-adamah that it will conclude
because it is from where we began that
we shall return once again.
In the garden.
And then sent out of it.
We're going to be invited back in.
Sukkah.
Eight years from now.
And your six thousand Yah.
Is a return to the garden.
Therefore to appreciate.
The underlying message.
That Yah was conveying.
Well we must come to appreciate.
How Ha Adamah.
Relates both to Eden.
And to Ha Adam.
The man.
When Abad and Adam are juxtaposed,
the result speaks of Obed-Edom and the man
from Edom.
This is the name and title that are
based upon these same words in the same
order, telling us the same story.
Obed is written identically to Abed in
Hebrew,
and it reveals that this man from Edom
is the one in service to Dowd,
who will save the remaining remnant in the
land.
Edom is Adam.
with a wa,
which is an additional peg to secure and
enlarge the home by piercing the earth
preceding the mem, water.
Yes, indeed, water.
Edom, reading right to left in Hebrew,
speaks of this bloody red man of the
earth foretold by Shamuel and Isaiah.
He's the one who saves Israel in service
to Dowd and Yahuwah,
especially pursuant to the arrival of the
Ark of the Covenant and your six thousand
YAH doing these things on Taruwah.
Therefore,
please appreciate that Obed is from Abad,
work,
and Edom is from Adam with the addition
of the huah before the mem,
which means that the earth will eventually
be punctured
under the Adama so that the subterranean
waters can be released.
That will purge the remaining remnant of
Yisrael.
We're being told what's going to happen to
restore the final remnant of Yisrael so
that they can reenter Eden.
Now, additionally,
Edom is symbolic of the descendants of
Esau,
suggesting that this individual will
restore the fractured family of Yisrael,
reestablishing the birthright of the
firstborn.
And in the pictographic depictions drawn
in Paleo-Hebrew,
Edom is symbolic of the ram who opens
the door to life by enlarging and securing
the home.
in conjunction with the sea,
which is symbolic of the goy who will
work to restore and cleanse his people.
Now moving deeper into Yahowah's narrative,
the next word, Ed,
is one letter removed from Adam.
and two removed from Edom.
And in both cases,
with the addition of the mem, water,
the source of life and purification.
And so while almost everyone,
myself included,
has rendered Ed as mist on previous
occasions,
that is not only inconsistent with the
verb Allah, which follows it,
which means to rise because, well,
mist descends from the atmosphere.
It does not rise from the earth.
And it misses the point.
Obed-Edom is this man from Edom who is
also the Adam of Parah who prevails on
Taruwah because, yeah, well,
we'll release a torrent of subterranean
waters from beneath the sacrifice while it
occurs on the Temple Mount in the heart
of the land.
Therefore, yes, we read,
a subterranean supply of fresh water, Ed.
Liquid water and moisture from an artesian
source rose up.
Allah ascended after offering a sacrifice,
was lifted up and exalted from the land.
By this, he supplied water.
He offered something to drink to the whole
face, presence and appearance.
regarding this Adamah Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth,
Bar-Rashith II-VI.
Well,
this is to say that Yahowah had a
plan in place to rectify the fractured
family relationship with humankind,
even before humans with a conscience
existed.
This is a prophetic portrayal of the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is the Parah productive bull,
who is going to purge the final remnant
of their guilt so that they may enter
a restored Ganyden.
This is an explanation of how the
sacrifice that is presented and depicted
in
Ba Midbar, numbers nineteen,
will resolve the guilt of the adulterous
woman as she is presented in Ba Midbar,
numbers five.
And in that example,
her religious infidelity will not only be
washed by the waters,
she will drink them mixed with ash to
prove that she can be trusted to reenter
the garden.
And in fact,
in the conclusion of this series,
we're going to return to Numbers five
because of the importance of the ash and
God's conclusion of this narrative.
Now,
not only was the man conceived to engage
in a relationship with God,
that relationship would be restored by the
apar.
Yes, indeed, it is this ash
of the Adam of Parah as his corpse
is set ablaze on Taruwah in year six
thousand year.
And to appreciate how this would play out
as the three lives were lived three times
so that others might live twice,
we were given an Assama conscience.
It is the one thing that distinguishes men
from other animals.
You see, we can think, we can reason
Our way back to God.
It says.
Then Yahowah.
Almighty.
He formed.
He forged a new fashion for.
Association.
And accompaniment.
The man.
Ha Adam.
Out of the material substance.
Of the ground.
Of Ha Adamah.
So we have a direct association.
Between Adam.
The man.
And.
And ha-adamah,
they are of the same substance.
And he blew into his nostrils a nesalmah.
So the first thing that we learn after
we are introduced here to the adamah is
that
Well, this Adam would have a nesama,
a conscience,
the capacity for rational thought and good
judgment of recognizing the difference
between right and wrong, good and bad.
Four lives,
restoring and sustaining lives, chayim,
speaking of that other tree.
And the man, Adam, came to exist
as a living soul for life.
And so there we have it,
a direct integration, if you will,
between Adam afar,
which would be the natural substance and
also be also speak of ash and ha
Adamah as in the Adamah para with Anasama,
a conscience.
such that he would be able to not
only restore lives,
but to associate with and direct man's
attention to the tree of lives.
And he is a man with a soul,
a man who exists for life.
That is Baba Rashid Genesis two seven.
Seldom considered by most beyond a nephesh
conscience or consciousness, I should say,
a soul to experience life,
to observe and to respond to our
surroundings,
which is the nature of an animal,
what differentiates an animal from a
creature.
a plant is that we have consciousness a
soul which we can use to survey our
environment and respond appropriately to
the things we see touch smell and hear
so Yahowah gave man a nesama a conscience
to experience god by coming to know the
meaning of life
It is one of the most valuable gifts
ever offered by the Almighty,
even as it is squandered by most.
And it is our nesama which enables our
access to God and our analysis of the
words of this narrative so that we might
more fully capitalize upon its lessons.
It is this ability to exercise good
judgment to reason that enables us to
reach our potential,
thereby enjoying eternal life as an
energy-based spiritual being,
following our maternal, material,
I should say, existence.
As a material being,
we are stuck on this planet.
It is only when we're enveloped in light
and energy,
our souls then can travel to the furthest
reaches of the universe.
So in this regard,
we will retain our nesama,
our conscience going forward.
It is our nefesh soul therefore that
matters because it is the reservoir of our
personality, our aptitudes,
our attributes, our attitude,
our experiences and our accomplishments.
Feed and care for yours and it will
endure forever.
Long, long, long after your body is gone.
Your body is disposable and replaceable,
but not your soul.
So Yahowah Almighty,
he planted and firmly established,
embedding a home to celebrate life as a
GAN.
Agan is a sheltered garden.
It's a shielded and surrounded enclosure
protected by a fence.
It is from Ganaan,
which means to defend a shelter that is
suitable for sustaining life,
that is surrounded and even covered of or
in Eden.
Great pleasure.
A favorable circumstance,
which is tremendously delightful,
ultimately pleasurable and extremely
satisfying is from Adan,
luxurious and pleasant,
even Ed as a restoring witness to the
eternal testimony,
all pursuant to a time long, long ago.
And he placed the man, ha Adam,
he had fashioned and formed there.
for the benefit of the relationship and to
show the way."
Bare’syth, in the beginning,
Genesis two eight.
So Yahowah's name is readily pronounced as
we have learned in our previous program.
And he affirmed in his Torah guidance that
it is based upon Hayah to exist,
which provides the intended sound of each
of the four letters.
To eliminate the O sound from the Wa
would be to turn Torah into Tra.
It would render Shalom as Shlom.
It's absurd.
Don't do it.
Don't be fooled.
Gan is from Ganon.
It means that this garden was sheltered
from the elements, protected, covered,
and enclosed.
That is important because that is
essentially what God did with this man.
He put this man in a sheltered and
enclosed, protected and covered,
walled garden.
It's not a lot different than a very
fancy cage.
and you should consider it as such.
We were a little bit like a goldfish
in a bowl,
and we're going to consider the
implications of that.
Now, additionally,
it connects sukkah to the garden because
the name of the Miqrah
is based on
sakak, which also means to protect,
to cover, to shelter, and to enclose.
Those are not coincidences.
This profoundly important insight is
derived from these words because Yahowah is
inviting a remnant of his people to
reenter Gan Eden on Sukkah.
And so this story is exceedingly relevant
for those of you who eight years from
now want to exist with God,
who want to survive the end of the
time of Israel's troubles,
which begins like six months from now.
If you want to survive it and be
invited into the garden,
you need to listen to what we're going
to be sharing with you here.
So both Gan and Sukkah represent a Natah,
a celebration of life,
as well as conveying the symbolism of the
tent of the restoring witness.
Speaking of the witnesses,
that is exactly what Eden represents.
Drawn in the Paleo-Hebrew letters as
An ein, which is an eye,
which speaks of being an observant
eyewitness.
The dilet, the door, as it was drawn,
is the doorway to life.
And of course,
there are two dilet in Dowd's name who
opened that doorway to life on Passover.
Dowd is also the nun, the sun.
who has made Bakutam, firstborn children,
possible.
Now,
among the most vibrant insights that we
can deduce from the garden narrative is
that Yahowah placed the man he had
designed, fashioned,
and formed there for the benefit of the
relationship and to show the way to the
correct path to get the most out of
life, Asher.
When we understand Asher,
so many things fall into place.
In this next statement,
Yahowah is laughing there.
So many things fall into place.
The first word that I translated twenty
four years ago is Asher.
It is the term that is used in
my favorite prophecy to Samuel six.
And it is used there to say that
when our iniquity is associated with Dowd,
God's not going to spare the rod,
the consequence of it.
And that is because Dowd would carry our
guilt into Sheol on Matzah so that we
would look perfect in God's eyes.
And it's incorrectly rendered in every
English translation.
I had a.
a copy of and i probably had twenty
at my home at the time and i
remember saying how can they all be wrong
because there is no way that makes any
sense when it just says you know when
he sends i will not spare the the
rod because he can't be fulfilling matzah
for his own guilt
It has to be ours.
And so I learned a lot about Asher
as a result of that and learned that
it was used to speak of the relationship
and that it's used as a preposition.
It's used as a noun.
It's used as a verb.
And it conveys so many different things
about the value of this relationship,
how to get the most joy out of
life and the path that we walk to
receive the benefits that Yahowah intended
from this relationship.
So powerful term.
Asher is the one word that led to
many millions more.
We continue.
Yahowah, who is God Almighty.
He enabled life to sprout up and to
grow.
He initiated and caused life to increase
in variety and in stature while promoting
growth.
from ha adamah the ground of the earth
you need to get the feeling that ha
adamah is a significant player in this
story it is the entire tree now we
have ha adamah singular
And now we have the entire tree.
It doesn't read like that in English
Bibles.
It says every tree are all trees,
but it's speaking here of a singular tree.
It's written in the masculine singular.
The entire tree that would grow out of
the previous word, which is adamah,
is delightful.
Desirable, pleasing.
And he is fruitful in delivering the
productive and treasured harvest.
Now, even tree is, well,
it's so much more than just a plant.
You see, tree is from etz,
which is a productive and upright life
form with firmly embedded roots and
branches which reach out to absorb the
light of the sun,
all symbols which are exceedingly
important relative to its purpose in God's
story.
It's a symbol of an individual in God's
It is from etzah, and etzah,
which means that it is there to provide
counsel and advice.
This is a person.
This tree, yes, in the garden,
it was presented as an actual tree.
And it will be presented as a tree
again in our return to the garden.
But God uses the symbolism of the tree
to describe one of the more important
players in his story.
And that player is the Choder.
And we're going to see the similarities
between the presentation of the Tree of
Knowledge and the narration regarding the
Choder.
They're essentially one and the same.
So the entire tree from Etzah
to provide counsel and advice through
diligence and effort on the entirety of
the plan for the purpose of developing a
backbone and while overcoming challenges
to advocate the proper response is
delightful, desirable, and pleasing.
And he is fruitful in delivering a
productive and treasured harvest, Chumad.
To visually portray that which is clear
and comprehensible,
Communicating a supernatural revelation.
Mare.
Serving as a phenomenal vision from Ma to
ponder the implications of Ra.
What can be seen, perceived,
and considered.
And as a beneficial and good,
productive and pleasing thing to consume
for nourishment.
You want to be nourished properly?
God has a tree for you.
He continues, Haetz, the tree,
the productive upright plant,
when firmly embedded by its roots and its
branches,
which reach up to absorb the light of
the sun,
provides counsel and advice through
diligence and effort on the entirety of
the plan.
Of Chaim,
the lives of renewals and restoration,
of revivals which lead to prosperity and
to nurturing and nourishment,
to the promise of lives which are
preserved and which flourish,
was at the center in the midst of
Ha-gan, the sheltered garden,
along with and in addition to Ha-etz,
the tree,
providing the totality of the story,
offering advice and counsel of hadayat,
the knowledge,
the acquisition of information with a
focus on the application and discernment
and literally the judgment of the
individual for the purpose of perceiving
and comprehending.
It is from Yara.
which means to know,
to become familiar with, to understand,
developing comprehension of good and
productive,
of that which is beneficial and proper,
favorable and desirable,
agreeable and pleasing,
moral and appropriate,
useful and valuable, and of course of bad,
raw, evil,
that which is harmful and wrong,
erroneous and corrupt,
in the beginning, Genesis two, nine.
Now,
consistent with my earlier revelation,
the stars of this show are in order
of their appearance, Yahowah,
followed by ha-adamah, and the etz shamim,
tree of lives, and the etz diath,
tree of knowledge.
and Adam, and Chawah,
and ultimately the Nakash.
Now,
since I've written thirty-five volumes
reintroducing Yahowah and his Shem name,
let's begin with Ha-Adamah,
the bloody red man of the earth who
emerges from the Gan garden to nurture a
restoration of life,
who is associated with the Nesamah,
a conscience,
the ability to discern right and wrong.
Affirming his role in this narrative,
we were just told Yahowah as God,
he enabled life to sprout up and grow
from ha-adamah.
Those of you who believe I'm overreaching
here and that this is intended to be
nothing more than the dirt
Why would the Parah of Numbers nineteen be
Adamah dirty?
Well,
much can be extrapolated and deduced from
the fact that both Adamah and Parah appear
feminine, so are Ruach, spirit,
and Nefesh, soul,
but they don't make Yahowah, Adam,
or God's son, Dowd, women.
This is God's being clever while pointing
out something profoundly important,
just as he will in his transition from
etz tree to etza,
the feminine of the same word,
pursuant to the related choder, the stem,
which is soon to become the principal
lesson of this story.
Adam is a man,
while Adamah is an adjective telling us
that the man of the earth will become
bloody red when sacrificed as the Adamah
Parah.
Similarly,
par means bull and Parah reveals that he
will be productive and fruitful in this
endeavor,
thereby designating the purpose of the par
of the bull.
Both aspects of this title.
are addressing a particular nephesh soul
who manifests the seven Ruach spirits of
Yahowah,
explaining why they are rendered in the
feminine form.
Now,
taking this to its intended conclusion,
well,
Yada is the etz tree who Dyath knows
that the etz shamum, lives, tree of lives,
is Dowd.
And should you not yet be on the
same page, well,
don't shut the book or
Mute the show because we are just getting
started.
Exploring these words further,
we discovered that etz tree is from the
verbal root etzah,
which means to shut or close,
suggesting that access would be impeded to
ha-etz, ha-death, the tree of knowledge,
for a very long time.
But it also supplies that this tree will
become a book,
comprised of pulverized wood at some point
with pages of pulp,
which could be opened after having long
been closed.
Now in this light,
it is particularly interesting to note
that when scribed in the feminine form,
etz becomes etzah,
and it's given a spiritual dimension.
It means that this etz is a spiritual
dimension.
productive,
upright plant with firmly embedded roots
and branches which reach up to absorb the
light of the sun.
This, of course,
is symbolic of the choder, the stem,
who is, in that narrative, a natsar,
an observant branch.
His shoresh, we are told, roots keep him,
and its hue, him,
steadfast so that he can be
You guessed it.
Parah.
Productive and fruitful.
All of which is itemized.
And the opening lines of Yasha'yah, Isaiah.
In fact,
all of this comes from that first
statement.
This is all from Isaiah eleven one.
Choder, stem, and that word.
Natsar, observant branch,
Shoresh roots applied to him and saying
that he is parah, productive and fruitful.
All of that is introduced in Isaiah eleven
one.
Integrated stories.
Just a coincidence, you say.
Well, I don't think so.
You see,
after affirming that the Ruach spirit of
Yahowah will Nuach al-Hu will settle upon
and remain on him,
the same verb that was used here,
God reveals the six additional
characteristics the Ruach bestow on the
Choder stem.
They're all presented as feminine
attributes consistent with the fact that
Ruach is a feminine noun,
giving this lone man the spirit of Chakma,
intelligence, Mena, understanding.
And fourth on the list, drum roll please,
the spirit of Etzah.
Yes, indeed, of the tree.
producing counsel and advice on the
entirety of the plan.
Yes, indeed,
the Chödr has the spirit of the tree,
providing counsel and advice on the
entirety of the plan.
Now,
you don't suppose that's a coincidence,
do you?
Because the Ruach spirit applicable to the
Choder designates him as the Etzah of
Diath, the tree of knowledge.
He is actually called, yes,
as we move further into Isaiah,
he is called the Etzah of Diath,
which is the exact term.
that is used to describe the as the
tree of knowledge in the garden.
Yes,
it is true that the sixth of the
seven spirits afforded to the Choder
specifically designated this Choder,
this man to be the tree of knowledge.
The only,
attribute that stands between Etzah and
Diath is Gabor, because, well,
he would be pointing the way to the
ultimate Gabor in the Tree of Lives,
and it would take some serious Gabor to
do this,
considering all of the attacks that have
come and gone of trying to chop this
tree down to its stump.
Yes, indeed.
It is the Ruach of Yahowah,
chakma intelligence, minah, understanding,
and etzah, the tree of counsel,
which with the amplification and ample
supply of goborah, competency and courage,
cause those who benefit from this diath,
knowledge, to yara, respect Yahowah.
That's the story.
That's how Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
could be Yada or if the Choder was
something else entirely in the chat bot,
because what chat botes do is they
amalgamize what we would call argument of
popular appeal.
It's a fallacy.
And they said, no, no, no.
The Choder is a messianic figure.
It's identified with the Christ.
Can't be anybody else.
Yeah, we just shot that argument to hell,
didn't we?
He just said,
the Choder is the tree of knowledge.
And if you're too dumb, too ignorant,
too irrational,
or too embittered to accept that,
you're the problem.
Yes, indeed.
God made it very clear.
This is why the Choder would be the
first to recognize Dowd.
as the Etz Kayam, the Tree of Lives,
for having fulfilled Pesach Passover in
year four thousand years.
Without the Etz Dayat,
there is no life beyond human mortality
because the means to the Beryth through
the Mow'ed in the Torah is fulfilled by
Dowd.
And that realization would have remained
unknown.
There would have to be diath,
knowledge regarding the tree of lives.
Note,
for there to be an extension of lives.
That's the whole message of the Choder.
No, the Choder is not a Messiah.
The Choder is a tree.
He is the tree in the garden of
sitting beside the tree that represents
dote as the tree of lives on a
one to ten scale of of important of
profound of essential knowledge to
appreciate what god is conveying to us
that's a ten it's one of the most
profoundly important
Insights that we have deduced over the
past twenty-four years.
Not only the Mother Goddess is wrong,
but so is Christianity.
So is Judaism.
So is Islam.
The Choder is the Etz Dayat,
the Tree of Knowledge.
These are his branches.
Yes,
it was the Etz Dayat that recognized that
the Etz Chaim Tree of Lives fulfilled
Pesach Passover in year four thousand
years.
Without the Etz Dayat,
there is no chance of life beyond the
one you are living now.
because it ends without that recognition.
It's the lesson of the garden.
It's the lesson of the Torah and of
the prophets.
It is the lesson revealed by Moshe and
Yasha'yah and inspired by Yahowah.
Now clearly, part of me says,
I wish I had derived this obvious
connotation sooner.
And I knew that there was a correlation
between the two,
but a correlation and
The Choder is the damn tree.
Are two different things.
And the Choder is the tree.
Every aspect of it.
From sucker and branch and shoot and stem.
To having roots.
To being an observant branch.
And that's our.
To being Etzah.
And now Etzah Dayath.
It's the tree.
So yes,
do I wish in some ways I had
deduced this sooner?
Yeah.
However, it's never too late.
And what I'm finding more and more every
day is that the more I'm released by
the team that we have around us now,
that Yahowah has drawn to us,
the more I can focus on what's important.
with the knowledge that we have developed,
having written the thirty five books.
Going back over Yahowah's testimony and
seeing how he wove the same characters,
same themes throughout from beginning to
end and how all of these things have
played out and will play out in our
immediate future and how God's plan is
showcased to us in this way.
And then come as part of these programs
and share that with you.
You know,
had it not been for the disgusting and
repugnant nature of the Bahometh cult of
mother goddesses,
I probably would not have had the
motivation to return to the account in the
garden.
But, you know,
I was dealing with the text that they
cited to prove that there was a mommy
god in addition to a daddy god.
And it took us directly to the citation
they presented incorrectly on one of the
two tablets.
And reading through it, I found Chawah.
the first of the two tablets on the
second statement said oh boy now now that
i see this lo Chawah says don't be
like Chawah so we need to go back
to the garden and i am you know
i made a pledge to Yahowah i said
this yesterday i'll restate it here
because i've said it many times you don't
pluck a single verse out of context to
build your point because when you do
you're almost always wrong
And so I said,
we would go back and we'd read the
story of Chawah in context.
And that's what we're doing.
And as a result of that,
this is how we learned that profound
truth.
The Chowder is a tree,
not just any tree.
He is the tree of the knowledge of
good and bad.
And his purpose is to reintroduce,
to reflect the brilliance of the tree of
lives.
who is doubt for having fulfilled
Passover.
It's a brilliant story,
a brilliant deduction.
And, you know,
I'm delighted that this is coming out and
that we can consider it even if it
was part of ousting the repugnance of the
mother goddess cult
Because as I said,
they had presented an AI chatbot essay
denouncing me as the Choder,
saying that it was all messianic and was
claimed by Jesus.
And unless Jesus was a tree,
you got it wrong.
But AIs don't think and nor do mother
goddesses.
They are really stupid.
And even confronted with this evidence,
they'll double down.
They're incapable of learning.
They're incapable of admitting they have
been wrong from the beginning.
The Choder stem and sucker giving the
fallen tree new life is rooted in Gan
Eden.
because he will play an enormously
important role.
Now that I've determined why we were
booted out of the garden in the first
place and why there are mortals
repopulating the garden on Sukkah for a
thousand years,
I understand how essential that tree of
knowledge is.
Not only does the tree of knowledge equip
those who are open-minded,
who are rational,
who are receptive to the truth about
Yahowah so that they can be part of
the Shabuwah and Taruwah harvest and be
essential to this process of harvesting
the fruit of that tree so that others
can join us and support Yahowah and his
people in this effort.
We're there so that when a remnant of
Yisrael is purged of their religious guilt
by the Adamah Parah, then they will enter,
reenter the garden.
And this time,
rather than be left to a single man
choosing not to listen, not to work,
not to be responsible,
We're there,
we're producing the knowledge and
harvesting it and sharing it such that
that mortal remnant earns the right to
demonstrate that they're willing to listen
to Yahowah.
They're willing to act accordingly,
that he knows he can trust them.
They're willing to show that they are
workers committed to making the garden,
better and that ultimately they can be
trusted because it's only then that
humanity can be left to explore the
universe and released from the larger
garden, which is now the planet.
And that is the purpose of the tree
of knowledge.
And that's why it's going to be right
there in the center of the garden.
Again,
with its branches intertwined with the
tree of lives,
Because that knowledge will lead from this
mortal remnant on this planet and that
extension of life to eternal life,
exploring the universe.
So the Choder is the stem and sucker
of that tree.
He is rooted in Eden.
And as the Nakri,
as the observant foreigner,
he is presented here as the Natsir.
Isaiah, Isaiah, he is the Natsir.
He is the observant branch.
He is shoresh, rooted and steadfast,
as we would expect of a tree.
And consistent with Yahowah's depiction,
the Choder is parah,
productive and fruitful.
He is the par bowl of the Taruwah
harvest.
And what do we learn when we read
Numbers, that it is the adamah, parah.
Bringing all of this together could not be
more obvious
And yet everyone missed it until today.
Now,
while the Mother Goddess cult has
committed the unforgivable crime of
altering and diminishing Yahowah's name,
as we witnessed yesterday,
the Chodah represents the very Ruach of
Yahowah in our world.
at least according to God,
and he ought to know.
Then in direct contravention of the
goddess cult's preeminent claim,
rather than being so foolish as to see
Chakma as their spiritual mother in the
eighth proverb,
the Choder expresses the full intent of
the actual spiritual gift of Chakma of
wisdom.
He, using Yahowah's Ruach of Manah,
has made the connections to understand
that the story of the garden is prophetic,
depicting what we are currently providing
and experiencing.
It is all about the etzah,
the counsel of the trees,
as written in the etz diath by the
Choder.
in the nesh banner which Yahowah will raise
to call his people home and for this
to occur the choder will have to manifest
as no almost as much gaborah confidence
and courage as that ascribed to dote ha
etz chaim the tree of lives
For the doubters, the naysayers,
and objectors, it's over.
Between Bab Rashid, one and two,
and Dabarim, eighteen and twenty-nine,
even Bab Midbar, five, eleven, twelve,
thirteen, fourteen, fifteen,
and especially nineteen,
Yahowah stated His case.
And that was centuries before
A thousand years of nabium affirmed it a
thousand times over.
Hopefully there are some rational people
who haven't been so poisoned by the toxic
nature of the mother goddess that are
listening to these words and will walk
away.
from that toxic tree.
Now,
while there is no longer any need to
make the case,
it is nevertheless interesting to note
that etzah means to provide counsel and
advice through diligence and effort.
On the entirety of the plan,
I would think that,
twenty-five thousand pages over
might suffice.
And particularly since these books are
filled with thousands of profound
insights, most unheralded previously.
But it's the first time ever that the
entire story of God, beginning to end,
from the garden,
back to the garden from creation to us
participating in what god created the
first time the whole portrait that god has
painted can be viewed as he intended
framed for you to know exactly where you
fit in it we have framed the issue
and not only for the
purpose of conveying the message,
but for you to develop a backbone while
overcoming challenges,
to advocate for the proper response,
no matter how painful,
even risking being shut out because it is
an open defiance of the schemes of
authority figures, all conveyed by etzah.
Etz is masculine singular,
just as etzah is feminine singular.
along with the other spiritual attributes
that are afforded the choter who is a
singular male this is why par bull becomes
so much more as para because as etz
becomes etzat goes from a tree to someone
providing advice and counsel a par bull
becomes so much more with para because it
proclaims that he is fruitful and
productive
as that bull.
This is the same story of Adam,
a man, becoming Adamah,
the bloody red man of the earth,
who offers so much for so many.
See the picture?
Now,
adding to our foundation of Dyat
knowledge,
Etz is related to atzab,
which as a verb adds the connotation of
performing by shaping and fashioning a
picture or image of something that God is
trying to convey,
such that it is properly framed.
Thank you very much.
And while obviously a positive endeavor,
the secondary definition reveals that the
resulting picture can be and will be
distorted such that when it is perverted,
it will grieve those who misrepresent
God's intent.
Additionally insightful,
when trying to understand all of this,
etz, a tree, represents an asab,
one who works for another.
doing the job that his supervisor
requested,
just as the tree of knowledge serves the
tree of lives and the herald his king.
In fact,
at Seb is hard work that is particularly
difficult and challenging,
requiring considerable effort,
even as the process can be mentally
anguishing at times.
Yes,
I have already invested twenty-four years
of twelve-hour days in the development of
Yada Yahowah.
Well, it has been rewarding,
but it's also anguishing to see its
insights twisted by the likes of the
Mother Goddess cult and many others.
But even this was by design something that
will become evident as I present the
motive of the fall of man.
It's all a test.
Are you worthy?
Can you be trusted?
Now,
fascinated by the possibilities while
noting the profoundly important role that
this tree plays in this story and in
the reawakening of Yisrael to Dowd,
on the cusp of returning to the garden,
let's consider our king's use of atzahs,
as the actionable root of etz tree its
loan used by Dowd is in the sixteenth
mishal word picture or proverb this will
cause goosebumps if you are intellectual
if you are a thinking person Dowd's use
of the verbal root of etz
We'll, um, we'll cause goosebumps.
That's the best way I can phrase it.
It's extraordinary.
Let's listen.
The one who closes,
the one who shuts out,
this is at say the advice and counsel
regarding the totalitarian,
the totality of the plan and its purpose
as the instruction is provided after
consultation and calculation to assist in
the decision-making process through
thoughtful deliberation.
called participle.
Defining an individual,
the one who closes their eyes and closes
off access to this.
And to the proper and full accounting and
overall determined value of the thoroughly
considered and recorded plan.
That one is like an annoying insect,
a malicious blood sucking mosquito.
in a hypocritical pursuit of slanderous
and malicious speech,
hallucinating and confusing in a perverse
and irrational manner,
becoming entirely evil,
determined to advance that which is
completely wrong in the end and thereby
perishing in depravity.
Michelle word pictures, Proverbs.
If you think that the mother goddess was
not pictured attractively in the thumbnail
that one of our contributors made for the
program last night,
then you have no idea how negatively our
returning king views this woman.
Think for a moment just what he said.
This is the root of etz tree used
once by Dowd.
It is etze.
And this is what he wrote.
Think of this through.
This is just so prophetic of the mother
goddess cult.
The one who closes...
the one who shuts out the advice and
counsel regarding the totality of the plan
and its purpose as the instruction is
provided after consultation and
calculation to assist in the
decision-making process through thoughtful
deliberation, their eyes,
their perceptions to the proper and full
accounting,
the overall determined value and the
thoroughly considered and recorded plan.
regarding the systematic and logical
analysis and rational thinking using good
judgment to convey highly esteemed
insights in an ingenious presentation,
conveyed in an innovative manner to elicit
thoughtful responses.
May I remind you of exactly how this
text appears.
No one in human history had ever presented
a translation of Yahowah's testimony in
this fashion.
And what did the mother goddess do?
She copied it to pass herself off as
if she were the tree.
Don't realize that there has never been
anything to compare to this.
Nothing in all of human history,
nothing in this style of presenting God's
message, the complete story,
the proper accounting,
the overall determined value of the
recorded plan.
using good judgment to convey highly
esteemed insights in an ingenious
presentation conveyed in an innovative
manner to elicit a thoughtful response.
It just doesn't get better than that.
And yet this annoying insect,
this malicious blood sucking mosquito,
in a hypocritical pursuit of slander with
her malicious speech while hallucinating
and confusing others in a perverse and
irrational manner with false perceptions
all to overthrow and to overturn,
to change, to reverse course,
which they did in an instant.
Going from, well,
I was the most respected man in the
Mother Goddess cult's life.
No one did she respect more than me
and said so often.
And then in one second, psychotic matter,
she flipped and started to disparage me,
which she does now every day.
wakes up in the morning,
how can I disparage him again?
What can I say on my disparaging site
to negate all of this?
Even while copying,
plagiarizing everything that he has said
and learned and shared.
And in the process,
she has become entirely evil,
determined to advance that which is
completely wrong.
and she will perish,
as will those lured in around her in
their depravity.
Fulfilling the destructive prophecy by
deciding to be miserable and malcontent
shepherds, both ruinous and wicked.
Well, it is enlightening.
It is edifying to witness the way Yahowah
and Dowd collaborate.
you couldn't have better partners.
If you follow their lead,
you are sure to understand.
Here,
as we ponder the implications of the Tree
of Knowledge,
in the context of a woman who would
covet it,
we find an explanation of exactly what the
modern incarnation of Chawah has done by
prioritizing her desires
over Yahowah's instructions.
Now, after introducing these two trees,
a tree of lives and of knowledge,
God identified the river which Yatza came
out of Eden.
God said it,
was used to water the Gann,
which I suspect is because, yeah, well,
will cause a great upwelling of
subterranean water to emerge from beneath
the Temple Mount during the sacrifice of
the Adam of Parah,
thereby keeping these accounts properly
synced.
This Nehar stream of enlightenment and
joy, Parad,
It separated and Hayah,
it came to exist as four Rosh leaders.
They are Moshe, Daud, Elia, and Yada,
even in the proper order.
Although at this time they were known as
the Pishown, the Giychown, the Chideqel,
and the Perath.
Their story is depicted in Bare’syth,
two ten through two fourteen.
Now, if I may.
The Pishown is from Pasha with the own
suffix and addresses the entirety of the
rebellious nature of the Israelites
encircling Moshe.
Of them,
Yahowah said that they are sabab.
They went round and round,
turning every which way while achuliyah,
anguished and in travail.
Hmm,
certainly describes Moshe's experience
during the Exodus, doesn't it?
Giychown is all things pertaining to Gish,
being brought forth.
Bursting onto the scene, it depicts Dowd,
a son who is given to us,
whose three lives would change the world.
He burst onto the scene as an
eight-year-old.
He burst back onto the scene to fulfill
Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym exactly as he said he would
in your four thousand year,
thirty-three CE.
He'll burst out of the sky and onto
Jerusalem, the city of Dowd.
In twenty-thirty-three,
you're six thousand, yeah?
He's the one that burst out of Sheol
to become the living embodiment of Bokor,
firstborn children in Boko Haram.
The Chidekel is from Chidek.
revealing that Hoya would be a thorn in
the sides of the religious and political,
serving as a sarcastic prick to pierce
through their nasty facade.
Now, prick means to be like a thorn.
One in the foot, one in the hand,
one in the arm, one in the side.
As such,
he is shown as the thorn in the
side of Asher.
the mother goddess cults,
mother goddess of Assyria,
the other goddesses who were so prevalent
in their similar religiosity to the mother
goddess cult in Israel.
Oh, and by the way,
Asher is also the whore of Babylon who
Elia will prick as well,
piercing through her nasty facade.
Ah, the Parath.
Well, it's the Euphrates, and as such,
it is the river that drains the swamp
of Babel.
Confusing commingling of religion and
politics.
And it is from here that Judaism's Talmud
was conceived and that Islam was derived.
I know a guy that spoke of those
things, draining those swamps.
It is, of course, from Parath.
Therefore,
it addresses the productive and fruitful
bull, the Adamah Parah.
Yada.
God doesn't miss an opportunity to paint
portraits with words.
So we should expect no less going forward.
And I think this is the proper time
for us to say, all right,
we've covered a lot of turf here,
haven't we?
And there are just so many insights and
they're coming so fast and they're so
profound.
So many things that no one has ever
considered before but are absolutely
irrefutable and enlightening.
Let's let some of these sink in and
we'll return to this material after you've
had a chance to ponder all that we
have learned and shared.
Thank you for listening.
Good day.